Because points is a function we
have defined that needs to exist.
And contains_points or
contains_point is a function that we
have defined that needs to exist.
Long as T implements both of those,
We will be able to do this algorithm.
Does that make sense?
Okay, so let's take that and
let's go back to our rectangle and
get rid of rect data,
it just doesn't need to be there anymore.
Let's implement points for rectangle,
let's implement contains for rectangle.
Let's implement points for circle, let's
implement contains for circle, all right?
So we'll do that now.
So let's first go to rectangle.
And first off,
do we need these collidables anymore?
No, cuz we have a generic
implementation for them.
So Collidable Rect for Rect,
Collidable Circle for Rect,
get them out of here, all right?
Now, let's implement points for rectangle.
So I can take our rectangle implementation
and say, impl Points for Rect.
And then make sure we just import it in.
Okay, hold on, hold, hold, hold, all
right, we don't do those things on there.
Whoopsies, not Points, that's Contains.
My bad on that one, there we go.
Do Contains, And so
now, we need the impl Points for Rect.
There we go.
So we have contains,
we already had contains, right?
That was a part for our implementation
on rectangles, so we already had that.
So now all we have to
do is implement points.
We technically already
have points implemented.
If you scroll down yonder, where are you?
We already have it right here,
there's our vector.
Do you see that little vector right here?
So I'm gonna grab this little vector.
I'm gonna delete that little vector
because we don't need anything to do with
RectIter anymore.
I'm gonna walk up two points, and
I'm going to just replace that.
I'm gonna return that.
I'm gonna replace value with self.
And of course, I'm gonna call into,
because remember,
we implemented vector of point
float into point iterator,
so we should be able to
just do this automagically.
I know that was a lot of things
that just went on there,
goes a little fantastically
fast right now.
>> Should it be runnable by this point?
>> No, we should not be
running anything right now.
>> So how do we know if we have problems?
>> Well, first,
let's finish doing some cleaning up.
One thing we can get rid of,
do we need area defined for rectangle?
Sure, Default?
Sure, Display?
Sure, do we need RectIter at all?
Nope, do we need Iterator for Rect?
Nope, do we need From Rect for Iter?
Nope, do we need IntoIterator for
Rectangle?
rectangle reference?
Nope, we don't need any of that.
Now, we have a pretty small function,
and we've only implemented
these two extremely basic behaviors,
one to give us a set of points,
one to tell you if a point's contained,
so pretty basic.
Let's do the same thing,
but let's do it for circle.
If you're getting a little stuck,
remember you can jump on the website and
try to look at the code and
try to see what you're doing differently.
So let's go to circle,
do we need Collide Circle to Circle?
No, do we need Collide Rect to Circle?
No, do we need area?
We can keep that.
All right, so we have implement
Circle that contains point.
Well, guess what?
Implement Contains for Circle.
We don't need pub, of course,
because you just don't need pub.
There we go, we've already implemented
Contains for Circle, awesome.
Now, all we need to do is implement
Point or Points for Circle.
So impl Points for Circle, and then,
of course, do that.
Now, all we have to do is go through
here and just do the exact same thing.
So I'll just go like this,
return vec![(self.x,
self.y)].into, because we had that
nice little convenient method.
Look at that, there we go, we've done it.
And now, look, also we can get rid of,
do you see this rectangle up here?
We don't need to have that silly
circular reference anymore.
We don't need rectangle anymore,
whoopsies, and
we also don't need Collidable anymore.
We only need Contains Point or
Contains and Points, and that is it.
We've done these things,
we've implemented them all.
And so now, theoretically, we should be
able to go back to our main file, and
it should just all work.
But something's gone wrong here.
Why, why is that wrong?
>> Cuz we assume the same type for
the comparator.
>> So good at this, my goodness.
So yeah, we have assumed the same type.
Let's jump over to collision.
Let's re-look at our blanket
implementation for a second.
Look at what we have here.
We have Collidable with a single generic.
So I could just rename this generic for
a quick second.
Let's rename it Rect,
does that make the problem more obvious?
Cuz now we only have Rect for Rect.
Or if I rename it to Circle,
we only have Circle for Circle.
It should be very obvious by renaming it,
we don't have the combination in there,
do we?
So let me go like this, oopsies,
yeah, let me rename it back to T.
And I'm gonna add one more in there, V.
And so let's say Collidable <T> for V.
But we gotta do something here, right?
T is the other, V is the self.
V needs to be able to check for
point containing,
T needs to be able to give us points.
So that means I can do this, T gives
me the points, V implements Contains.
Okay, is anyone pretty excited about that?
Is that pretty cool that we just did
some generic programming here that will
apply that to every single type that
implements Contains and Points?
That means when we go back here,
look what works.
We didn't have to do this
cross-section of every last thing.
Instead, we just need to define the basic
trait behavior and then compose it and
implement it for everything that
implements those two traits.
Is that pretty neato?
I think that's pretty neato.
I just wanna try to figure out
how to use this all the time.
I feel like I'm the hammer in
search of a nail right now.
Now that I know this is
even physically possible,
I'm just like, how am I gonna blank and
implement myself out of this situation?
I just think this is so neato that
we can actually do these large-scale
implementations that work
on the struct themselves.
Now, you can kind of implement
the same thing in TypeScript,
you just have a function that
takes in the two interfaces, so
you always at the lining
up the correct thing.
Whereas this one, you actually have
the types hanging off themselves.
And that means you can do these pretty
cool interactions that are just
not necessarily possible
in other languages.
For me, this is the end game, I think
this is pretty a darn cool programming.
It still gets even cooler than this,
but we'll keep it here.